was it an incorrect report last time you
work for me I don't wanna say you
pointed to me just a quick question
about that so you haven't made any
contact though just to make sure Hulu
the North Koreans I don't want to sit I
won't say that okay we have a good
relationship with North Korea as good as
you can have I mean we have a good
relationship with North Korea I have a
good relationship with Kim jong-un and I
hope he's okay and somebody would say oh
that's terrible no it's not terrible I
hope he's okay and I think it was a fake
report done by CNN the problem is you
know right the truth so you know as far
as I'm concerned I want to thank yous
don't talk to me go ahead please he was
retaliated against me
[Music]
okay next question first one could you
talk about your decision making process
on with Georgia you well you know you
know you said yesterday that you told a
gonner Georgia my concern had a good
talk with the governor of Georgia
earlier in the week you spoke and you
did not convey this kind of message to
convey the message I didn't like the
fact that he's leaving certain things I
want the states to open more than he
does much more than he does but I didn't
like to see spa's at this early stage
you nor did the doctors is that a
correct statement